README.md, before:

# Battlesnake JavaScript Starter Project

### An official Battlesnake template written in JavaScript. Get started at [play.battlesnake.com](https://play.battlesnake.com).

![Battlesnake Logo](https://media.battlesnake.com/social/StarterSnakeGitHubRepos_JavaScript.png)

This project is a great starting point for anyone wanting to program their first Battlesnake in JavaScript. It can be run locally or easily deployed to a cloud provider of your choosing. See the [Battlesnake API Docs](https://docs.battlesnake.com/api) for more detail. 

## Technologies Used

This project uses [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Express](https://expressjs.com/).

## Run Your Battlesnake

1. Click the green 'Run' button to start your Battlesnake.
2. Use your repl.co URL to register your Battlesnake and play games on [play.battlesnake.com](https://play.battlesnake.com).

## Next Steps

Continue with the [Battlesnake Quickstart Guide](https://docs.battlesnake.com/quickstart) to customize and improve your Battlesnake's behavior.

Commit message:

chore: Add a deployment quickstart guide on the README.md
Add a Quickstart Guide
Add References

README.md, after:

# Battlesnake JavaScript Group 4 Project

![Battlesnake Logo](https://media.battlesnake.com/social/StarterSnakeGitHubRepos_JavaScript.png)

## Technologies Used

This project uses [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) and [Express](https://expressjs.com/).

## Deploy Your Battlesnake (Quickstart)

1. Sign in/Register on [Railway](https://railway.com/) using **GitHub**
2. Create a new Project
3. Deploy from GitHub using this repository (gchatzopoulosCC/battlesnake/)
4. Navigate to the newly created deployment's settings
5. Generate a new domain using any valid port (8080 is recommended)
6. Copy the server url (it will be useful later)
7. Go on [play.battlesnake.com](https://play.battlesnake.com)
8. Create a Battlesnake with the following requirements:
    - Server Url should be `https://<server_url>`
    - Platform should be **Railway**
9. **Remove** the deployment after you finish playing

## References
- [Battlesnake Docs](https://docs.battlesnake.com/)
- [Railway Docs (Quickstart)](http://docs.railway.com/quick-start)
